src/components/UpdatesEn.svelte.md, before:

<script lang="ts">
    import Image from "svimg";
</script>
- **page 76** (route number 12, first sentence): ...en direction du relais ~de gauche~ *du centre* sur la vire.
- **page 93** (last sentence): ~Richard~ *Patrick* Brocoli et André Laperrière ...
- **page 111&113**: Last Man Standing ~5.10a~ *5.10c*
- **page 120**: Daisuke Kasahara ouvre Konoha ~V7~ *V8*
- **page 148 last line of 1st column**: Flavie ~Marin~ *Cardinal*, Marin Papageorgiou ...
- **page 154-155 parking at lac Gervais**: Parking on the side of the road near lac Gervais is not allowed anymore. The car must be left at the start of the Montagne Verte trail or the at the crossing with the Petit Train du Nord bike trail. Bringing a bicycle is a good solution to ride from the car to the start of the crag trail. 
- **page 169**: Pascal Blanchette dans la grande longueur de Treize Trente ~5.10c~ *5.10d*
- **page 246 last line** : ...dopé à l'expérience d'un *néophyte*.
- **page 143 to the right of Skippy Crunchy**: Yubitsume V6 FA David Lacasse. Start down low in a big huge hueco and use the big undercling to go up and exit to the top of the boulder by following the crack.<Image src="Yubitsume2.jpg" width="100" alt="Yubitsume"/>
- **page 208 new route to the rigth of Thé Noir**: 	&star;&star; 5.12c Sport 5 pl. Start to the right of Thé Noir. A complex sequence in the first part following the thin slopey ramp up to the ledge. Nice bouldery section, but often wet.
- **page 208 new route to the left of Barbacraque var. gauche**: &star; 5.12b Sport 6 pl. Start to the left of Barbacraque var. gauche and traverse left on black rock (often wet). Crux moves at the small roof in the second half. A direct start more to the left may be possible.
- **page 209 Projet Marc-Antoine now finished**: &star;&star; 5.12a Sport 6 pl. A couple good holds brings you to the puzzling crux start and the fun is maintained by demanding moves all the way to the top. Excellent sustained pitch !
- **page 209 Projet Dièdre now finished**: &star; 5.11c Sport 5 pl. A dihedral for contortionist climbers. The others suffer in useless twisted positions.

Commit message:

Ajouté mise à jour Joyeux Mimi au Dévers des Anges

src/components/UpdatesEn.svelte.md, after:

<script lang="ts">
    import Image from "svimg";
</script>
- **page 76** (route number 12, first sentence): ...en direction du relais ~de gauche~ *du centre* sur la vire.
- **page 93** (last sentence): ~Richard~ *Patrick* Brocoli et André Laperrière ...
- **page 111&113**: Last Man Standing ~5.10a~ *5.10c*
- **page 120**: Daisuke Kasahara ouvre Konoha ~V7~ *V8*
- **page 148 last line of 1st column**: Flavie ~Marin~ *Cardinal*, Marin Papageorgiou ...
- **page 154-155 parking at lac Gervais**: Parking on the side of the road near lac Gervais is not allowed anymore. The car must be left at the start of the Montagne Verte trail or the at the crossing with the Petit Train du Nord bike trail. Bringing a bicycle is a good solution to ride from the car to the start of the crag trail. 
- **page 169**: Pascal Blanchette dans la grande longueur de Treize Trente ~5.10c~ *5.10d*
- **page 246 last line** : ...dopé à l'expérience d'un *néophyte*.
- **page 143 to the right of Skippy Crunchy**: Yubitsume V6 FA David Lacasse. Start down low in a big huge hueco and use the big undercling to go up and exit to the top of the boulder by following the crack.<Image src="Yubitsume2.jpg" width="100" alt="Yubitsume"/>
- **page 208 new route to the rigth of Thé Noir**: L'École des Sourciers &star;&star; 5.12c Sport 5 pl. Start to the right of Thé Noir. A complex sequence in the first part following the thin slopey ramp up to the ledge. Nice bouldery section, but often wet. *Famille Marche 2022*
- **page 208 new route to the left of Barbacraque var. gauche**: Un pas dans l'eau de là &star; 5.12b Sport 6 pl. Start to the left of Barbacraque var. gauche and traverse left on black rock (often wet). Crux moves at the small roof in the second half. A direct start more to the left may be possible. *Famille Marche 2022*
- **page 209 Projet Marc-Antoine now finished**: &star;&star; 5.12a Sport 6 pl. A couple good holds brings you to the puzzling crux start and the fun is maintained by demanding moves all the way to the top. Excellent sustained pitch ! *Famille Marche, CMHL 2022*
- **page 209 Projet Dièdre now finished**: &star; 5.11c Sport 5 pl. A dihedral for contortionist climbers. The others suffer in useless twisted positions. *Famille Marche, CMHL 2022*
- **page 29 Projet Francois (route 3) now freed! Joyeux Mimi**: &star; 5.14a/5.13d Sport 4 pl. It took almost 10 years for this first line equipped on the overhanging wall to finally be freed. After a 15 year break, Maxime marks a successful return to the top level. His solution, which he estimates at V12 or 14a, starts directly with the 2 crimps below the first anchor. With a heel on the right go seek a right sloper and start the very sustained sequence marked by a particularly difficult swing control. The first repeaters opted for a start further up on the right below an inverted point and then came back left following the slopping ramp. This version "only" ticks in the V9 or 13d range. *Maxime Gauthier 2022 eq.: François Parent 2013*<Image src="JoyeuxMimi.jpg" width="300" alt="JoyeuxMimi"/>
